# Spring 2021 Human-Centered Design — Assignment 2

* **Do not edit this file.**  
* **Do not start this project until you have read these instructions carefully.**

---

## Introduction
For this assignment, the entire class will work together as a team to create a web site based on a single cause the entire team agrees on. Employing agile methodologies and using human-centered design concepts, you will cycle through the phases of iteration, ideation, testing, and implementation of your web site in two weeks.

---

## Team
The entire class will work as a team on this project. Here are your roles:

**Xuan Thu Dao**: Web Designer (WD)  
**Derek Delgado**: Front End Developer (FED)  
**Liana Glennon**: Project Manager (PM)  
**Jonathan Goldenberg**: Front End Developer (FED)  
**Maria Leyva**: Web Designer (WD)  

---

## Responsibilities
### Project Manager (PM)
The PM will schedule at least ten 5 – 10-minute standups, usually on a daily basis. During each standup, the PM will check on pain points and blockers that the team is experiencing, and, rectify accordingly. For example, if one of the FEDs is stuck on a web development issue, the PM might ask the other FED to step in to help resolve the problem(s).

The PM will also add/update any issues on GitHub/ZenHub to reflect the most up-to-date status of the project. Each ZenHub issue will be assigned to a specific person and be assigned story points.

The PM will also plan three weekly sprints: An initial sprint ASAP, a mid-project sprint, and a final sprint the week this project is due, ideally the day before. In the initial sprint, the entire team must agree on the topic of the web site, the content for the web site, and the deadline to submit designs for the web site.

In the mid-project sprint, the PM should ensure the project is making steady progress to completion, and should make sure the project is ready to be handed to the FEDs from the WDs.

In the final sprint, the PM should ensure that all rules have been followed, all feedback considered, and that the web site is functional at the phone, tablet, and desktop versions.

---
## Rules
* Every issue filed on GitHub must lead to a branch name with the following convention: `number--issue-title`. For example, if an issue filed on GitHub is titled **Implement Heading Typefaces** and has the number `3`, then the person working on this issue must create a branch called `03--implmenet-heading-typefaces`. Every issue must have a corresponding branch.
* Do whatever you need to the branches of this repo, but, **do not** touch the `submission` branch.
* Only submit files that are required by your project. Modify `.gitignore` as needed.
* Use lowercase, combined with kebab case, to name _all_ folders and files (`do-this` or `do-this.html`); no spaces in folder or file names (`not this`); no camel case (`notThis`); no snake case (`not_this`).
* Place all comps in the `comps` folder.
* Place all markup in `index.html`. Add HTML files as necessary.
* Place all CSS in `style.css`.
* Place all JavaScript in `app.js`.
* Place all images in the `img` folder.
* Do not remove any of the `.gitignore` files.
* All code must adhere to the enclosed EditorConfig rules.
* All JavaScript code must go in the anonymous function assigned to the `window.onload` event.
* The axe plugin must report no errors.
* ESLint must report no errors.
* StyleLint must report no errors.
* HTML must be fully valid.

---

## Readings
* [What is Human-Centered Design](https://medium.com/dc-design/what-is-human-centered-design-6711c09e2779)
* [Why Human Centered Design Matters](https://www.wired.com/insights/2013/12/human-centered-design-matters/)
* [The Agile Manifesto](http://agilemanifesto.org/)
* [What is Agile Methodology? How It Works, Best Practices, Tools](https://stackify.com/agile-methodology/)

---

## Due
Friday, 2 April 2021, at 11:59 PM.

---

## Submission
Issue a pull request into the `submission` branch by the due date.
